Lukas Carling

- What do I want to learn or understand better?
    Last week we finished our project and I feel that we achieved a good workflow and made a useful application. What I want to learn more about is about having an actual product owner
in order to see what it is like to work with someone who might not be a developer. I believe I will learn this in my worklife if I work with this kind of projects.

- How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
    I can help my team or someone else by actively being there and assisting them in tasks they need help with. In the future if people need help with something SCRUM / agile related
I will be able to help them. What I want to learn more is how to be a better teamleader and how to help my team when I am one. I think I will be able to learn that by being a leader
more times.

- What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
    At the beginning of each sprint I help the team break down Epics and user stories into tasks. If I have the possibility I either help to assign someone to the tasks or I assign them to 
myself. This is based on how well I believe the sprint will go depending on how we assign them. Since we only prepared for the presentation this week I did not do very much more other than
fixing our scrum board and assigning tasks. 

- What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
    This week I helped finalizing every part of the project and worked on tasks that werent done and which my team needed help with. I completed my tasks aswell and made sure that our 
goals for this week was met.

KPI
1.
This week my stress level was really high since we wanted to present on wednesday and therefore we wanted all functionality to work properly. 4

2. 
I think my / our work for this week was well done and I believe I achieved what I wanted and thats why my satisfaction level is also a 4.

3. 
This week I only took a M sized task which meant I could probably help others more. 
I completed a M sized task and helped fix other small ones. 