What do I want to learn or understand better?
For this sprint I wish to better my communication with the group. I feel like we have like two meetings per week where we talk through our next course of action, but in between those meetings I feel like we mostly stick to ourselves. I wish, at least for my part, that we would work more with each other. This has of course been hard due to the fact that we don’t meet in real life which would make it feel like we actually all worked at an office together. Instead we are separated and have to learn to work together from a distance. And seeing as I have started working on the UI prototype I want to learn (or rather relearn), to use the online tool Figma.
How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
I hope to help the group, myself very much included, learn better methods of working and communicating outside of our regularly scheduled meetings.
What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
During our last supervisor meeting it was made aware to us that our energy and level of engagement in the group was not too good. We also realized that we had not been properly structuring our scrum board. I helped the group get a much better understanding for how to write an epic, make user stories out of epics and then tasks out of user stories. We also made a lot of other important changes like updating our social protocol as well as our KPIs. We moved our sprint planning day from thursdays to Mondays and restarted with a new sprint where we would work according to all of the changes we made. I really felt like the group has gotten a lot more energized and motivated during this sprint and I am excited to see how the following sprints will play out.
What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
This last week I was primarily focusing on the domain model but eventually realized that trying to finalize it felt more of a waterfall approach than an agile approach so refocused my attention to working on the UI for the modules we are currently working on.