Lukas Carling

- What do I want to learn or understand better?
    This week there were some issues with merging our different branches since a lot of files were in conflict which created a lot of extra work with finding the correct files. So what I
would want to learn more about is how to efficiently work on different branches without having a lot of conflicts with files. And I believe the way to go there is by having a clear understanding
of what your team does and communicate about which files will be changed etctera. And also commit often and update your files often.

- How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
    Since not everyone is really familiar with resolving conflicts in github I can help them out by instructing them how to fix them. I would want to become better at giving constructive
feedback about my team's code. I believe I can do so by giving more comments when reviewing.

I could also spend more time on helping people understand how our database is setup, I can do so by actively explaining what does what and how they can use it.

- What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
    At the beginning of each sprint I help the team break down Epics and user stories into tasks. If I have the possibility I either help to assign someone to the tasks or I assign them to 
myself. This is based on how well I believe the sprint will go depending on how we assign them. Sadly I do not believe we have been doing very well with sprints but I believe we are doing 
great progress. Although, I would want to see more use and more in detail KPIs. I will make sure to communicate more with my team in order to make sure that I and my teammembers use
KPIs efficiently.

- What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
    The last weeks I have been working a lot on the database and recently got a bit of help from a teammember to properly implement a singleton database class. This week I fixed
the login screen which is now ready to be implemented. There are some UI changes but the rest should be done. What I want to help with more in the future is the report, and to help
my team reach a good demo. To do that I believe I should be available to help other teammembers if they have problems at the same time as I am working on small fixes + maybe our last
big implementation.

KPI
1.
As a group related stress I would say that my stress-level is at 4-5 since our project does not have a clear functionality yet even if we have many small parts that do function, we want
them to work together as an app. My individual stress-level for what I have to do this sprint is a bit lower since I did not assign as much on myself yet but I will work on helping the team
as much as I can. Therefore I would say that my stress is around 4 points.

2. 
I would say that I am very satisfied with my work during this sprint since I finished it rather quickly and efficiently. I am less satisfied with how much I was able to help my team 
though. So I would say my satisfaction landed on a 3.

3. 
This week I only took a M sized task which meant I could probably help others more. 
I completed a M sized task and helped fix other small ones. 