Lukas Carling

- What do I want to learn or understand better?
    I have gotten a greater understanding on how JavaFX works which helps me in the development of our application. The current problem I have is that outside the scene-builder I do
not know how the .XML files work very well. But I believe working more with JavaFX and altering in the scene builder will help me understand. I have a rather good experience
with the theory of SQL but I wish to see how well I can apply it in practise. I can probably reach this point by testing what I know.


- How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?  
    I believe I am helping others learn new things by actively questioning what they are doing and why this would be the best solution. I also try to check everything pushed to github
and give helpful comments if I notice something unusual. If I want to help others learn more, I believe I should try to be a bit ahead (in some areas) since then if others have 
problems within that area I could help them. I believe I can reach this goal by dedicating more time on focusing on a specific area.


- What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
    I had to work with the scrumboard even more since we were setting up a better one with more epics and user requests. I also brought up how we will do with assigning scrum masters 
since I believe we need to have more meetings in order for the SCRUM master to do an effective job. I still want to learn more how scrum works and I believe I will be able to do that 
by trying to follow the guidelines we have been given.


- What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
    I check the pushes done to github continuously in order to make sure that the team "understands" our goal and if something is not right I try to fix it. I also work on my part of the
project which helps us reach our delivery. In order to improve I believe I should start focusing more on one area since that will probably help my team work on their areas more. I believe
I can do so by assigning myself on an area and work on it.